Privacy - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV &amp; Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0 + Privacy Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview Features Control Labels Transparency Report Privacy Policy Privacy. That’s Apple. Privacy. That’s Apple. Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe&nbsp;in. Apple Intelligence. Great powers come with great privacy. Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. * With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple. On-device processing allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data. On-device processing The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on&#x2011;device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device. Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac Powered by Apple silicon Designed to protect your privacy at every step Private Cloud Compute extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests. Private Cloud Compute The data required to fulfill your request is sent to Apple silicon servers — no other data is sent. Your request is processed — never stored or accessible to Apple. Your response is returned to you — and only you. Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers. And our privacy promise can be verified by independent experts. Learn more about Apple Intelligence Learn more about Apple Intelligence Discover everyday privacy protections. Locked and Hidden Apps. Choose what’s visible. Locked and Hidden Apps Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode. Private Browsing. Powerfully private. Private Browsing When you turn on Private&nbsp;Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using&nbsp;them. Passkeys. Simple. Secure. So not a password . Passkeys A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done. Lock Hidden Albums. Keep Hidden and Recently Deleted photos private. Lock Hidden Albums Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode. Safety Check. Take control in times of crisis. Safety Check Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to. Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices App Tracking Transparency. Decide which apps are allowed to track track track track you. App Tracking Transparency Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings. Mail Privacy Protection. Read Read , delete , and reply with peace of mind. Mail Privacy Protection Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email. Our apps mind their business. Not&nbsp;yours. Safari throws trackers off your trail. Safari Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar. Advanced Fingerprinting Protection obscures browser and device data that can be used to create a digital fingerprint of&nbsp;users. When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS&nbsp;17, iPadOS&nbsp;17, and macOS&nbsp;Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you&nbsp;browse. View all privacy features Health keeps your records under wraps. Health From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to&nbsp;it. When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records&nbsp;system. All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch&nbsp;ID, or Face&nbsp;ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your&nbsp;data. Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy. Wallet and Apple Pay When you make a purchase, Apple&nbsp;Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with&nbsp;merchants. When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple&nbsp;Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. And when you use Apple&nbsp;Cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory&nbsp;purposes. Maps knows your route, not your profile. Maps Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t require a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all. Many personalized features, like Visited Places or locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing. Photos lets you choose who has the full picture. Photos Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories. Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library. Messages are only seen by who you send them to. Messages From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices. Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device. Siri learns what you need. Not who you are. Siri Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple Account to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine. When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri. Apple News leaves what you read off the record. Apple News Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple Account. You get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into. App Store shows you what’s in store for your data. App Store Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple. When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers. Get the latest on privacy. Drop by the Apple Store to learn more about privacy. Join a 30-minute session and learn how to control your privacy on iPhone. Join a free session Discover how Apple Vision Pro protects your data. Like every Apple product and service, Apple Vision Pro is designed to protect your privacy and keep you in control of your data. View (PDF) Protect your data from malware. Apple’s layers of security and App&nbsp;Store protections help shield you from&nbsp;malware. View (PDF) Take charge of how apps use your data. Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested. View (PDF) Learn more about privacy at Apple. Review privacy features Control what you share See how apps from Apple handle your&nbsp;data Our values lead the&nbsp;way. Accessibility Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do. Learn more Education We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success. Learn more Environment We’re committed to bringing net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030. Learn more Inclusion and Diversity We’re holding ourselves accountable for creating a culture where everyone belongs. Learn more Racial Equity and Justice We’re addressing systemic racism by expanding opportunities for communities of color globally. Learn more Supply Chain Innovation We prioritize providing safe, respectful, supportive workplaces for everyone. Learn more Apple Footer * Apple Intelligence is available in beta. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. For feature and language availability and system requirements, see support.apple.com/121115 . Apple&nbsp;Pay is a service provided by Apple&nbsp;Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple&nbsp;Inc. Neither Apple&nbsp;Inc. nor Apple&nbsp;Payments Services LLC is a bank. Any card used in Apple&nbsp;Pay is offered by the card&nbsp;issuer.  Apple Privacy Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV &amp; Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple and Healthcare For Government For Government Apple and Government Shop for Veterans and Military Shop for State and Local Employees Shop for Federal Employees Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain Innovation About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics &amp; Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753). United States Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map United States